Welcome to section number seven on web servers.
So far in the class all of the applications we've created have only been accessible via the command
line.
Now that is a great way to get started but it's not realistic for users.
It would be much better if a user could simply Type A you are all in the browser to pull up and interact
with our applications.
And that is exactly what we're going to start to work towards in this section in this section you'll
be learning about one of the most popular NPM libraries out there.
That is Express Express makes it really easy to create web servers with note these servers are going
to allow us to serve up all of the assets for our web application.
This includes H2 UML we're going to render to the screen see SS to style our application and client
side JavaScript so we can set up all sorts of awesome user interaction now using Express.
We're also going to be able to serve up Jason data.
That's what's going to allow us to get the location from the user convert it into a forecast and then
send the forecast back to the browser to have it rendered to the screen.
Now that's a lot of stuff but don't worry as always we're going to cover all of that in detail step
by step.
Now most courses start here with express but I think that's a rough way to go getting started with the
fundamentals of node is important.
Otherwise it can be hard to differentiate between what is node and what is Express.
Now that you're already familiar with the fundamentals of node it's going gonna be so much easier to
learn and master Express.
Let's go ahead and jump right in.